This is bad.
They score one more. it's game over.
Rin's free kick just now...
The moment he got it.
there was no way to stop him.
So what I needed to read and what I should've
stopped was the play leading up to it.
N-Nice goal. Rin-kun.
That burst through the middle
by Tokimitsu and Rin.
High five...
O-Or not?
I anticipated the overall
decrease in movement.
But Rin likely noticed that Tokimitsu
hadn't slowed down at all before me.
And by drawing on his endless stamina.
Rin created an extremely effective
chance in this final phase of the game.
If I'd spotted Tokimitsu's
talent sooner than Rin.
I could've drawn a different future.
Damn it!
I'm so close. but I can't take
that final step to catch up to Rin!
Episode 22
Voice
Tch. If I'd been in the wall.
I would've jumped without
hesitation and blocked it. Damn it.
No. Rin only hit that free kick just over
my head because it was me in that wall.
If it'd been Barou. I'm certain Rin would've
gone for the goal a different way. so...
Wait a second.
I see. Rin went with that free kick
because it was against me.
From that point of view.
seen from a new perspective.
if I can find a way to use
"Isagi Yoichi" effectively...
I can devour.
Could this be the new formula
I need to beat Rin?
Any more errors and we're done for.
So gimme the ball. okay?
Step back. missy.
All of you! Even if your leg falls off.
just pass it to me at the end of it.
I don't care how we do it.
but we're gonna catch up.
Yo. Let's go. striker.
Yeah. It's way too early for our last play.
Oh jeez. he's coming.
Stop talking like a toddler.
Isagi? It's rare for him to keep up
with my movement like this.
Okay then. donkey!
That was you telling me
to get past this guy. right?
I got past him! Gimme it now!
I'm so sorry. but you didn't get past me!
Jeez. back off! Stop following me if you're
just gonna apologize. you neurotic machine.
I'm sorry! I'm sorry!
But I have to win!
Man. you're so damn annoying!
Ah. you're terrifying!
But I can keep up. no problem.
Is he sneaking down the touch-line?
Isagi. you bastard. Did you use me as a decoy?
Nice recovery. Bachira-kun.
Wait for me. Isagi.
Please don't leave me behind.
Give it to me. Isagi.
Your dribbling won't work in that situation!
Isagi. over here.
Play a one-two!
No. Rin can see through all of those
options and will be ready for us.
But this cluster of players was my aim!
Everyone's focused on how
I'm gonna pass right now.
so this attack will change
the battlefield completely!
Now. into that wide open space...
Run. Chigiri!
Full speed ahead!
Aren't you running on empty yet. miss?
And because we want Chigiri to pass to us.
we all rush toward the goalmouth.
I'm the only one who can read this change
in the state of play and initiate a move.
With everyone fighting to find a path.
I disappear completely from Rin's
vision for a second and make my move.
A diagonal run to the near post!
Only Isagi's running diagonally?
Pass it now. This is...
the future of the field I drew!
Here it comes! I'm completely
free! It's a huge chance!
My absolute territory for a direct shot!
Rin?
Shit. Are you serious?
I was through. yet he somehow
caught up. even if only barely.
He's gonna block my shot.
It's no good.
I'm not good enough...
to beat this guy.
Not.
I fooled you. genius!
This momentary blind spot was only
created because you can read me
and catch up to me with your genius!
And this is my true last action!
My reverse direct back-heel shot!
You truly are a savior.
Isagi...
I devoured you. Rin.
I will surpass you.
Eat it!
We caught up! You're the best. Isagi!
That was crazy. You outran Rin by yourself.
Was all of that calculated based
on what you could see. Isagi?
Yeah. But what came into my mind first was
the image of me getting free and scoring.
Normally. just getting to the near post in
that move would've been enough to score.
But I assumed Rin would spot that
with those genius eyes and mind of his.
Meaning if I'd taken the shot.
he would've blocked it.
But that also meant he had to step
across in front of me to stop me.
which made both of our actions fifty-fifty.
That momentary blind spot was
the future of the field I wanted.
That goal was only made possible
due to my exclusive formula for Itoshi Rin.
where I believed in his ability to
envision the same scene I had foreseen!
Which means. if you'd missed.
they could've counterattacked.
Your gamble could've cost us.
No one comes up with stuff like that
unless they have the same vision as Rin.
But now. we're even with them on
the field and the scoreline. right?
Yeah. We'll crush 'em on this last play
and prove that we're the better team.
We're still tied. If we don't win...
If we don't trounce them.
it's all meaningless.
What bit of ego am I missing that
I need to catch up to Isagi and Rin?
I came to Blue Lock to find monsters...
Friends I can play soccer with.
There's no other reason.
I just want to play soccer with these two.
But this wish. this ego. isn't enough
to get me to where they are.
What else am I supposed to wish for?
What in the world was that glam
back-heel just now? They caught up to us.
Laugh. cry. or be glam...
Whoever scores next wins.
All of you. put everything you have into
this next move like your life depends on it.
I'll draw you a goal with your efforts.
Blue Lock
2nd Selection
4v4 Rivalry Battle
Last Play
Not so fast!
I won't fall for the same trick twice!
Nice. Barou! Focus on pressing Tokimitsu!
Eek! The girly-looking one who's
all speed and no skill is here. too!
So that's how you see me. huh?
I'm gonna bury you!
Chigiri and Barou's pressing stops
Rin and Tokimitsu bursting up the middle.
Surprised by that. he returns it to Rin.
And that's when we intercept!
It's a fifty-fifty!
Damn! Almost.
A high ball? Is it meant for Aryu?
A first-touch showdown.
I'll lose if I go for it at its highest
point. so I'll time my jump...
to pluck it out of the air!
How insolent. But also...
Totally lousy.
He stole it back?
His legs are so long.
Is he a damn stick insect?
Crap. They're breaking through!
But I won't let him play freely!
Isagi Yoichi. you are
perfectly obstructing me.
But this one's wide open.
I'm being tested right now.
What can I do?
Pass it? No. dribble through them...
But then what?
What does everyone want from me?
Tell me. my monster.
What am I supposed to do?
What can I do...
to make those two acknowledge me?
Nice one. slowpoke!
If all you can do is worry.
go to a fortune teller.
This is a battlefield!
Second ball...
Jackal!
Urk!
Counter!
This isn't like you.
Are you losing on purpose?
I mean. you're not saying to yourself that
even if you lose. you'll get chosen. are you?
Honestly. if you asked me. I'd say
I don't need you in your current state.
If we win. I want Rin.
Isagi probably feels the same way.
If we lose. I don't get chosen?
Then I won't be able to
play soccer with Isagi or Rin.
No...
No. no. no!
I don't want that...
to happen!
Pass it. Barou! Don't try
to tussle with Tokimitsu!
Hmph! I'm fed up with Glum Guns here.
Give it back to me with interest. y'hear?
Nice pass. Bullet payment!
That's how you wanna play this. donkey?
You ready. King?
Because we've been stealing
the ball from each other all game.
we can link up now and outsmart Rin's
foresight and Tokimitsu's quickness.
One more time!
An anti-combo. one-two breakaway!
Oh no! Come back!
This is a seesaw game.
All right! We're through!
We'll nail the last play.
No... I don't want to get left behind.
My feelings. my ego... None of that matters.
I'll win. even if it kills me!
Everything I've found here in Blue Lock...
I don't want to lose any of it!
I don't want to lose the
first friends I found.
Because I don't want to go back
to being alone like I was before...
Everyone wants to believe in something. but as
they grow older. they find they can't anymore.
So they pretend they
can't hear the voice inside.
until eventually. they can
no longer hear what it's saying.
What you're trying to believe in
is so fleeting yet important.
What I'm trying to believe in?
What am I trying to believe in?
What have I believed in?
Monsters?
Friends?
Meguru. the answer is...
It is your true inner voice.
My true inner voice?
Remember it once more.
I want to trust...
my true inner voice!
Unexpected pressing by Bachira!
Rin will use this opening.
There! Get there one step faster and
pass it to Chigiri on the right wing.
And now. time for the climax.
Wait. Hold on a minute.
I don't want this to end yet.
I won't let you shoot!
I'm winning that Best
Supporting Actor award.
A chest pass?!
It's all yours...
striker.
You're the absolute best.
Here comes the target for my shot.
It's not huge. but I can score it!
Wait for me. Isagi.
One more time...
This is the end!
Just give me one more...
The victory is ours!
Give me one more chance!
Rin? Seriously. how'd you...
And Bachira Meguru starts to advance.
with only his voice guiding the way.
Unrefined but glam. Rin.
C-Counter!
Stop. Don't come out now. monster.
When you're on the field.
I unconsciously look for you.
Because you were there. I wasn't alone.
Thanks to you. I could
keep on trusting myself.
But while I was looking for you.
I lost touch with my own voice.
and started playing
soccer to find someone.
That's why I can't go any further with you.
Disappear.
I'm begging you. Please disappear.
I don't need you anymore.
If I let anyone past me.
it's game over. This is my last stand!
If only someone were there.
I could get in behind Isagi.
Damn it.
It's so hard to shake my habit
of looking for the "monster."
You used to be my hope
because you played soccer with me.
But I somehow turned you into
a curse that stifles my vision.
Playing soccer with you gradually
became my purpose for living.
Then I came to Blue Lock and met Isagi.
who became my true monster.
It felt so good. playing soccer
with Isagi became my reason to exist.
I became someone who couldn't
play soccer without Isagi.
If I don't break this curse.
I can't move forward.
I won't be able to hear my own voice.
Bachira-kun! I'm open here! Pass it now!
Shut up. Go away!
I won't pass the ball to you anymore.
I'll go score myself!
A super-aggressive nutmeg?
What is this wild dribbling style?
Plus. I've never seen Bachira
look like that before.
Something's changed.
He's not who he used to be!
Stop him. Chigiri! You can reach him!
He's so slow. it's a piece of cake!
I won't let him past me!
Bachira!
I'm overlapping.
I told you I'm not passing anymore.
A double nutmeg?
You in rampage mode. Blunt Bangs?
They'll get it if you don't pass. Bachira-kun.
Shut up. This isn't a rampage.
It's an awakening to break the curse!
A triple nutmeg?
Damn it.
His moves are so on point.
At this rate. he'll beat us.
Right now. there's no doubt he's the joker
in the deck no one on this field can anticipate!
He's on a solo run. We all need to charge him!
Agreed.
Surround him!
We have him in a three-on-one.
This works! We can take the ball!
Rin? His positioning...
It's easy for Bachira to pass to him there.
and when he receives the ball.
he has a direct route to goal!
But I can see that. too!
I will intercept the pass!
Their half's wide open!
The price of his rampage!
So if we can get the ball.
it's a big chance for us.
All you pests hovering around me
like tiny little insects...
Stop distracting me. you pieces of shit!
That's reckless. Bachira-kun!
He still plans to go it in alone?
I see.
Someone Rin can't predict.
The last piece of all-or-nothing...
That monster is the one
I need to devour to beat Rin!
How long has it been?
I'd forgotten how to play with freedom.
but this was my starting point.
You should try to be one with the ball. too.
'Cause then you can do amazing stuff!
There's nothing more fun than soccer!
That's right.
Even alone. I had so much fun.
I ran around after the ball till it got dark.
Just like it was back then.
being one with the ball
is all there is for me.
I don't need any other reason to play soccer.
There's nothing more fun
than this in the whole universe!
So even if I get teased for being strange...
Even if I end up alone again...
Even if I don't have any friends...
I'll fight.
I'll lose myself in this
passion that burns inside me!
Oh no you don't!
You're not it.
I'm going to be the monster!
Thank you for staying by my side until now.
I'll be sad if there's no one
else at the end of all this.
but from now on.
I'm going to be dancing alone.
Goodbye. monster.
Goodbye. Isagi. the guy who's
been my soccer buddy up to now.
Crap. I can't stop him.
I have to get back my solitary soccer!
That is what will awaken me...
This "back to square one" ego!
Isagi?
I knew you'd do that. Bachira.
I just knew you'd go it alone.
Blue Lock. Additional Time.
A
Additional Time!
Blue Lock
Aryu's Arbitrary Glam Battle
GLAM
Aryu Jyubei
Everything under the sun can be
categorized as either "glam" or "not glam."
For example. even how you
drink a beverage can be glam.
I must always be glam when
flicking off the cap on a bottle—
Reo Mikage
Oh my! How glam!
GLAM!
That post-drink. sexy-glance glam!
This guy... Is it possible
he's even more glam than me?
Every move he makes is bursting with glam.
POOF
You let your guard down. Itoshi Rin!
That sitting posture is so not glam!
Behold! My elegant
getting-into-bed glam cannon!
The Rolling
Good Night!
The Rolling Good Night!
GLAM
I win. Now I can get a good night's sleep.
Glam Night
Glam night. everybody.